now I'll explain how to connect your LG
Smart TV to a network using a LAN cable
if there is a LAN port near the TV you
can connect your TV directly to the LAN
port with a LAN cable if the LAN port is
already connected to a modem you can
connect your TV to the LAN port on the
modem if you are using a router connect
the LAN port in the wall or modem to the
wind port on the router with a LAN cable
then use another LAN cable to connect
the LAN port on the router to the LAN
port on the back of the TV now that you
have a LAN cable connected to your TV
you can configure the network settings
on your TV press the smart home button
on the magic remote control to open the
smart home on the my apps select
settings go to the network menu and open
the network connection submenu and then
select start connection since your TV
connect to the Internet automatically if
you start a connection in a wired
network environment your TV should
automatically connect to the network
after your TV successfully establishes a
network connection select the complete
button now you're ready to use the
online functions of your TV when your TV
is connected to a network the network
status appears at the top of the
smartphone if you see the disc
connection icon check the status of your
network connection
your TV also allows you to manually set
up your connection to the wired network
this allows you to set up a fixed IP
address or private DNS when connecting
to the network to manually set up your
network connection connect to the
network and select the other network
list select the manual setup option and
then select wire select manual input to
manually enter network information such
as the IP address and then select the ok
to establish the connection